my debut
it is true
year
Hello
- it's him
there is still an analysis
the art
in there
my house
ended
He sent the ball to the side.
news
still gives
his speech
coritiba
nothing
Mario Carminatti
work in a mine
luciano barbosa
now missing
the new current model
speak now
It's not true, but what I do
like now
the launch of our home operated on the avenue the Bavarian brand
- play here
despite our performance on the bar of life the Bavarian brand
the neighborhood that just finished
the club will fly already federer played in the good defense missing
in Galicia people
we are prepared to head the strong culturport militia
a tip from the hydro
I ask myself questions about the plumbing and reaffirmed due caution
the lookout was marked
I can not deal with an area whose capital
happy here
leaves a daughter of mine who is currently at war and calls the
projectiles of power in the city of 14h